>> off screen: Questions about good versus
bad recruiters that a waste your time.
>> Paul DePettignies: Best way
to find a good search firm or
consulting firm recruiter, because you
may six weeks or six months from now
just take a $25 an hour gig through
one of the national consulting firms.
Ask your friends who is a good
consulting researcher and
recruiter that they like, know, and trust.
Because if you think about it,
a search firm recruiter or
consulting firm recruiter is literally
going to be able to mess up your life.
We will know where you live, where
you're working, how much you're making,
how much you wanna make.
You wouldn't trust your family
with some of that info.
And you're gonna trust some complete
stranger who reached out to you on
LinkedIn and spammed you.
You have to take control
of your career now, okay.
If I had a hammer and I could knock you on
the head, that might be one of the things,
that would be a theme.
You now need to take control of your
career, and this will go as fast or
as slow as you take it.